 
BUSN100 Quiz 1
An entrepreneur can best be defined as:
A. One who organizes, manages, and assumes the risks of a business or enterprise 
B. A person who drives the work of others in order to run a major business efficiently 
C. One who avoid risk 
D. Some one who wants to work for him or herself
The business ecosystem, often represented in a wheel diagram, functions as:
A. Create new business opportunities 
B. A set of business components that form the foundation of a new venture’s creation. 
C. Does not support business success 
D. Avoids linking customers to suppliers
Which of the following is not considered a product?
A. Paintings by emerging artists 
B. Marketing campaigns for local businesses 
C. Purses made from recycled juice and soda containers 
D. Fruit for selling at a fruit stand
Business ethics is defined as:
A. Moral muteness 
B. Laws and regulations that guide business transactions 
C. The set of moral principles that distinguish what is right from what is wrong in a 
business. 
D. The company's mission statement

A value based company
A. Provides a safe work place and clean work environment
B. Pays fair wages to all employees
C. Develops sustainable business practices
D. Places profit above all else
A stakeholder in business is best defined as:
A. Global markets 
B. Banks and other lenders 
C. Only investors 
D. Any person, organization, social group, or society at large that has a interest with the 
business.
The operations of a business can be referred to as:
A. Ethical marketing 
B. The tactics and processes implemented to run a business 
C. A way to profits 
D. Business continuity
Branding is a commonly used marketing term that is best known as:
A. The target market 
B. The marketing plan 
C. Its logo 
D. A distinctive image that represents a company or product
Traditional dynamics of a business plan may contain the following:

A. Marketing Strategy
B. Competition Analysis
C. Employee pay grades
D. Mission Statement of Business
A business strategy can best be described as: 
A. The method utilized to achieve the underlying goal of a business’s startup. 
B. Standard operating procedures 
C. A policy and procedure guide 
D. The target market 
Entrepreneurs possess many attributes, one of which is being value-centered. This can be 
defined as:
A. Adopting a leadership style that attempts to transform the status quo by creating a new
method, process or invention for accomplishing tasks. 
B. Having a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and excitement over the mission and 
goals of the new organization. 
C. Demonstrating worthwhile qualities of leadership that are lawful, ethical, considerate, 
and honest in nature and intent. 
D. Adopting a leadership style that attempts to transform the status quo by creating a new
method, process or invention for accomplishing tasks.
Entrepreneurs uphold social responsibility. This is considered to be:

A. Able to create and communicate an easily understandable mission for what the new 
venture does in order to successfully launch a new business. 
B. Possessing intrinsic energy to accomplish the business goal even in the face of 
adversity. 
C. Possessing the qualities of ethics, caring and humanitarianism 
D. B.) To show sensitivity and understanding of what others are communicating in the 
start-up environment 
What are the characteristics, in your opinion, of a worthwhile entrepreneurial
mindset? 
A. Perseverance is significant because the path to success will have its ups and downs. 
B. One must take risks, but it is important that those risks are calculated, taking into 
consideration the opportunity gain, the opportunity loss, and the overall value proposition to the 
end customer. 
C. I would say an entrepreneur should be very passionate about what they do and believe in what
they do. The key is for you to understand that perfection is unattainable. You will experience 
problems so be patient and try to overcome them by looking at new possible solutions. 
D. An entrepreneur has an unrealistic vision about their business and must realize that the 
business does not change on a daily basis, so research about new technologies and the industry is
a part-time job.
A list of entrepreneurial mindset enhancing activities include: 
A. Make a list of the attributes you do not yet possess and then develop a plan of action to 
achieve adding these entrepreneurial characteristics to your own personality traits.
B. Discussing with entrepreneurs what attributes they possess that make these founders 
particularly adept at starting new ventures.
C. Allowing your entrepreneurial journey to be defined by others. 
D. Seeking out educational programs and literature that will help you better develop your own 
entrepreneurial characteristics.

Entrepreneur is hyper-focused which can be defined as:
A. Having a tremendous amount of enthusiasm and excitement over the mission and 
goals of the new organization. 
B. Demonstrating an infinite amount of drive and an enterprising nature toward 
accomplishing an organization’s objectives. 
C. Maintaining uninterrupted attention and concentration directed at implementing the 
enterprise’s mission. 
D. Possessing the ability to keep on trying even when faced with failure, great adversity 
and seemingly insurmountable obstacles.
Flexibility is a key to long-term success—and to growth. 
True
False
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
